Shipping & Pickup
You can purchase your items online and pick them up at an Apple Store, or have them delivered directly to your door. Here you'll find everything you need to know about delivery, pickup, and managing your order

Delivery Options
Standard and Postal delivery is free for all online orders. Delivery options and timeframes available for the items in your order and for your location are presented during checkout.
Once you have placed an order, you can visit Order Status to get an estimate of the shipment and delivery timing of each item. Items ship as they become available.

Faster Delivery Options
Learn more about our expedited delivery methods, including free next-day and scheduled delivery options for eligible items. Visit the Delivery & Pickup page for detailed information.

Delivery Timeframes for Engraved and Customised Products
Engraved products and Customised Mac computers require a bit more time to prepare. The delivery date is updated dynamically during configuration and will be reflected in your order confirmation email and in Order Status.

Shipping cost
The cost for shipping is calculated and displayed on the Checkout page before you complete your order. Delivery costs for each available option are also shown in the Order Confirmation email and on the Order Status page.

Notes about delivery
Payment methods may affect the final shipment date to allow for processing.
Apple uses the best carriers in the business to make sure your order gets to you on time.
Apple does not deliver to PO box addresses.

Apple Store Pickup
If this is your first time selecting an Apple Store, our product pages will display Pickup: Check availability. Click this link, enter the postcode or the city where you’d like to pick up the item, and click Search Stores to check availability. If you’ve previously selected an Apple Store, our product pages will display your chosen location. You can click Check another store to check pickup availability at a different Apple Store.
Once you’re ready to purchase, select I’ll pick it up at Checkout. If you would like to change the pickup location, select Change location, then Continue. Items marked Available Today will usually be ready for pickup within an hour. Certain items may also qualify for a Pickup Window that will allow your item(s) to be picked up during a specified time window. We’ll send you a pickup email and mobile notification when your order is ready to be picked up. Please wait for this notification before going to the store. IMPORTANT: The name of the order pickup contact must be the same as the name of the buyer, otherwise you will not be able to pick up your order.
If you would like someone else to pick up your items, select Someone else will pick up these items. To pick up your items from an Apple Store, you will need to bring the order number and a valid photo ID. If you have designated an alternative pickup contact, they will need to bring the order number and a valid photo ID.

What's Next?
Once your order is placed, we send information about your order by email. The email you receive depends on whether you chose to have the items delivered or picked up. If you have multiple items on your order, you may receive additional emails for each item.

Order Acknowledgement
The order acknowledgement email provides a summary of the items on your order. If you chose to have an item delivered, the order acknowledgement will display the delivery address and a Delivers date. You can click this to view your order status in online Order Status. For pickup items on your order, the email will display your selected Apple Store location. If you have designated someone else to pick up the item for you, the email will also display your pickup contact.

Shipment Notification
If you chose to have an item delivered, we'll send a shipment notification email when the item leaves our warehouse. This email includes the carrier name, tracking number, and a delivery date. You can click the tracking number to track your package on the carrier's website.

If you purchase an Apple Store Gift Card by email, we'll send you an email notification once we send the gift card to the recipient.

Pickup Notification
Once your items are available at the Apple Store, we'll send a pickup notification email.

Pickup Reminder
We'll send a reminder email if your item is still waiting to be picked up.

Text Notifications
We send updates by text message, so you can stay updated on your delivery or pickup order. Just add your mobile number at checkout to receive these notifications. The number of messages you’ll receive will vary depending on the orders you placed.

What to Expect
Once your order is shipped or available for pickup, we’ll send you a text message. This will include your order number and a link to the tracking or pickup store information. We will also send you texts on the day of delivery or after your item has been delivered, depending on the selected delivery method, country and carrier. You may receive between 1–4 text messages per item on your order.

Changing Text Message Preferences
You can edit your mobile phone number at any time by signing in to your account and editing the delivery or pickup notification preferences for your order.

Your privacy is important to Apple. So we’ve developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your information. Visit apple.com/sg/privacy. You can also review our Terms of Use at apple.com.sg/shop/help/policies

What time will my order be delivered?
For orders shipped to a residential address, standard deliveries are normally made between 9:00 am and 10:00 pm Monday to Saturday.

For orders shipped to an office address, deliveries are normally made between 9:00 am and 6:00 pm Monday to Friday.

Postal deliveries to a residential address’s letterbox are normally made between 9:00 am to 10:00 pm Monday to Saturday.

For orders that are shipped for a pre-selected time that is convenient for you, you can expect your delivery to be shipped by Apple’s appointed carrier at the time specified in one of the time windows as follows:

9:00 am — 1:00 pm
1:00 pm — 6:00 pm
6:00 pm — 9:00 pm
You can check the estimated delivery date and carrier by visiting our online Self Service for the latest status of your order. Apple and its carriers are unable to provide an exact time of delivery. Our carriers cannot make a call prior to delivery.

Can I have my order delivered to an address other than my home?
For your convenience, you may prefer to have your order delivered to an alternative address such as your office address. If you choose to deliver to your office, please include the business name in the shipping address. Please note, if you choose this option, goods may be left with reception.

Delivery to a PO Box is not permitted for security reasons.

Signature on delivery
Most of our shipments contain valuable computer equipment. If you will not be home to accept delivery of your product that requires a signature, consider shipping your product where someone you trust will be able to sign for your package. For your convenience, you may prefer to have your order delivered to your office address. If you choose this option, please include the name of your business in the address. Please note, if you choose this option, goods may be left with reception or the mail room. Delivery to a PO Box is not permitted for security reasons.

Some shipments may be made through Postal delivery to the letterbox. Signature on delivery is not required for Postal deliveries.

Change your default shipping address

How much am I charged for shipping?
It won't cost you anything - Apple Store pays for standard and postal delivery.

I need to change my shipping address.
If you have not yet received your shipment notification you can amend your details online via our Self Service website. If you are unable to modify your shipping details here, please contact the Apple Store Customer Service.

If your order is already in transit, please call the Apple Store Customer Service.

I will not be home on the scheduled delivery date.
As our carriers may require a signature on a delivery, the carrier will leave a calling card if you are not at home. Apple will also send you an email advising that our carrier was unable to deliver your order. You can then contact the carrier directly to schedule a new delivery appointment or alternatively amend your delivery address.

Shipments made through Postal delivery to the letterbox will not require a signature.

What happens if my delivery goes missing or is damaged?
In case of any problems with your delivery, Apple will be in direct contact with the carrier to resolve the issue as quickly as possible with as little inconvenience to you. We will make every effort to contact you and keep you informed of the progress of our investigation and where appropriate, deliver a replacement. If you have already received your order and find that it is damaged, please call the Apple Store Customer Service.

Shipping restrictions
Shopping in Singapore
The Apple Online Store Singapore sells and ships items only within Singapore. You may not export any products purchased at the online Apple Store. The Apple Store sells and ships products to end user customers only. Notwithstanding order confirmation Apple may cancel any order where it has reasonable grounds to believe the product is not being purchased for end use.

For additional shopping options, visit the "Other Ways to Shop" section of the Shopping Experience online Help page.

Shopping outside Singapore
If you would like to purchase Apple products from outside Singapore, please see our International Store Directory to find out if an Apple Online Store serves your country or region.
