Returns & Refunds
Apple wants you to be thrilled with your new purchase. If you are not satisfied with an item and need to return it, we're here to help.

Return items:
If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may be eligible to return the item for a refund. There are a few important things to keep in mind when returning a product (not purchased in volume) you purchased online from Apple.

To return an item, please visit online [Self Service](https://secure.store.apple.com/sg/shop/order/list) for assistance 24 hours a day, or call 1800-692-7753, Monday - Friday 9am to 9pm, Saturday - Sunday 10am to 9pm.

Returns policy
Returns are subject to the Apple Online Store Terms and Conditions. For iPhone/iPad returns, please refer to the iPhone/iPad Return Policy section below. For eligible products, you have up to 14 calendar days from the time you receive your item(s) to initiate a return.

iPhone/iPad return policy
If you are not fully satisfied with your iPhone/iPad purchase, you can return your undamaged iPhone/iPad to the Apple Online Store within 14 calendar days from the time you receive your iPhone(s)/iPad(s) for a refund. A 25% open box fee will be assessed on any opened unit (per unit). A 15% restocking fee will be assessed on closed box returns (per unit). Please visit online Order Status or call 1800-MY-APPLE to request a return. The iPhone/iPad must be returned in the original packaging, including any accessories, manuals, and documentation.

How to Return An Item
Ship your item back to Apple

To return an item to Apple, sign in to online [Order Status](https://secure.store.apple.com/sg/shop/order/list) with your Apple Account and password.

After you sign in, you will see the items on your most recent order. Locate the item you want to return and click the Return Items link. On the next page, select the item you would like to return and click the Continue button. Note: If you need assistance or do not have an Apple Account, please call
1800-692-7753.

Items in your order will be divided into two groups - items that are eligible to be returned online and items you cannot return. For each item that you can return online, you will need to select the item, a reason for return, and whether you've opened the box.

Next, verify the return item and the return address on your pre-paid return label. Once you have verified your return details, click the Print Now button to print your pre-paid label and packing slip. Affix the pre-paid label to the outside of your return box. If you have multiple items to return, you may pack them in a single box with the packing slip. Once you've submitted your return request, you'll receive an email confirmation with your return details. Our carrier will contact you within two (2) business days to arrange collection. We recommend using the original packaging if you are returning a computer.

Bring your item to an Apple Store

You can always return the item to Apple Retail Store. An Apple Specialist will assist you with your return. Your refund will be processed at that time.

Refunds:
Your refund will be issued after we receive your item(s) at the Apple returns centre. The way your refund is processed depends on your original payment method.

Credit card refunds will be sent to the card-issuing bank within three (3) business days of receipt of the returned package.
Credit Card Instalment refunds will be sent to the card-issuing bank within five (5) business days of receipt of the returned package.
For bank transfer or Cheque payments, you will need to provide us with the following bank details:

Order Number:
Account Holder Name:
Bank Name:
Bank Account Number:
Bank Code:
Branch Code:
Email Address:

Please note that refunds can only be remitted to a local bank account where the Bank Account Holder name is the same as the Billing Contact filled in when placing the order. Please allow up to five (5) business days for Apple to post the refund to your bank after we receive these information.

If you purchased your item from Apple, you can take it to any Apple Store in the same country or region for an exchange. Item exchanges are, of course, subject to in-store product availability. It’s a good idea to check if a product is in stock by visiting apple.com and then seeing if it’s available for pickup at a store nearby. The only exchange exceptions are personalised items (such as engraved iPad devices or AirPods) and Mac computers that have been custom-configured. These items cannot be exchanged in store; they can only be returned and your refund will be issued to the payment method you used on your order (per the guidelines in our Standard Return Policy).

Items ordered on the Apple Online Store that arrived damaged or are incorrect can be returned to any Apple Retail Store in the same country or region, or by contacting Customer Service.
Return status
Visit online [Self Service](https://secure.store.apple.com/sg/shop/order/list) to view your up-to-date return and refund information.

Incorrect or damaged items
If you received the wrong product or it was damaged during shipping, please contact Apple Store Customer Service at 1800-692-7753 during our hours of operation, Mon-Fri 9am to 9pm.

Problems with your product
If you're having trouble with your new Apple product, please visit online Product Support or contact Apple technical support. If you're having trouble with a non-Apple product, please contact the manufacturer directly for information regarding the manufacturer's warranty.

iPhone and iPad returns — mobile service cancellation
Mobile providers have different service cancellation policies. Returning your iPhone or iPad may not automatically cancel or reset your mobile account; you are responsible for your mobile service agreement and for any applicable fees associated with your mobile account. Please contact your provider for more information.


